Managing public access to buckets

Public access is granted to buckets and objects through bucket policies, access control lists (ACLs), or both. To help you manage public access to Amazon S3 resources,
Amazon S3 provides settings to block public access. Amazon S3 Block Public Access settings can override ACLs and bucket policies so that you can enforce uniform limits 
on public access to these resources. You can apply Block Public Access settings to individual buckets or to all buckets in your account.

To ensure that all of your Amazon S3 buckets and objects have their public access blocked, all four settings for Block Public Access are enabled by default when you 
create a new bucket. We recommend that you turn on all four settings for Block Public Access for your account too. These settings block all public access for all current
and future buckets.

Before applying these settings, verify that your applications will work correctly without public access. If you require some level of public access to your buckets or 
objects—for example, to host a static website, as described at Hosting a static website using Amazon S3—you can customize the individual settings to suit your storage
use cases. For more information, see Blocking public access to your Amazon S3 storage.

However, we highly recommend keeping Block Public Access enabled. If you want to keep all four Block Public Access settings enabled and host a static website, you can 
use Amazon CloudFront origin access control (OAC). Amazon CloudFront provides the capabilities required to set up a secure static website.Amazon S3 static websites support 
only HTTP endpoints. Amazon CloudFront uses the durable storage of Amazon S3 while providing additional security headers, such as HTTPS. HTTPS adds security by encrypting 
a normal HTTP request and protecting against common cyberattacks.


Bucket configuration options

Amazon S3 supports various options for you to configure your bucket. For example, you can configure your bucket for website hosting, add a configuration to manage the 
lifecycle of objects in the bucket, and configure the bucket to log all access to the bucket. Amazon S3 supports subresources for you to store and manage the bucket 
configuration information. You can use the Amazon S3 API to create and manage these subresources. However, you can also use the console or the AWS SDKs.
(Note:-
There are also object-level configurations. For example, you can configure object-level permissions by configuring an access control list (ACL) specific to that object.)
